docs/src/dropdown.md, before:

---
layout: two-columns
title: Dropdown Search-UI
---

Once your Algolia DocSearch index is ready, correctly set up, and filled with
the right data, you will need to integrate our dedicated Search-UI. To add the
dropdown of results below your search input, you'll have to include our
DocSearch library into your website as per the following example. Your `apiKey`
and `indexName` credentials will be given to you as soon as we've created your
config.

```html
<!-- Before the closing </head> -->
<link
  rel="stylesheet"
  href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsearch.js@{{docSearchJSVersion}}/dist/cdn/docsearch.min.css"
/>

<!-- Before the closing </body> -->
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsearch.js@{{docSearchJSVersion}}/dist/cdn/docsearch.min.js"></script>
<script>
  docsearch({
    // Your apiKey and indexName will be given to you once
    // we create your config
    apiKey: '<API_KEY>',
    indexName: '<INDEX_NAME>',
    //appId: '<APP_ID>', // Should be only included if you are running DocSearch on your own.
    // Replace inputSelector with a CSS selector
    // matching your search input
    inputSelector: '<YOUR_CSS_SELECTOR>',
    // Set debug to true if you want to inspect the dropdown
    debug: false,
  });
</script>
```

## Testing

If you're eager to test DocSearch but don't have any credentials of your own
yet, you can try out the one we use on this website:

```javascript
docsearch({
  apiKey: '25626fae796133dc1e734c6bcaaeac3c',
  indexName: 'docsearch',
});
```

Commit message:

add explicit hint to not forget to uncomment the appId
The necessity of the appId is explanined in the docs linking to this page. But if you just come here from elsewhere this possible blocker can be overseen and can lead to unnecessary support requests, because it fails silently to display the dropdown even if it works with the default test data.

docs/src/dropdown.md, after:

---
layout: two-columns
title: Dropdown Search-UI
---

Once your Algolia DocSearch index is ready, correctly set up, and filled with
the right data, you will need to integrate our dedicated Search-UI. To add the
dropdown of results below your search input, you'll have to include our
DocSearch library into your website as per the following example. Your `apiKey`
and `indexName` credentials will be given to you as soon as we've created your
config.

```html
<!-- Before the closing </head> -->
<link
  rel="stylesheet"
  href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsearch.js@{{docSearchJSVersion}}/dist/cdn/docsearch.min.css"
/>

<!-- Before the closing </body> -->
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsearch.js@{{docSearchJSVersion}}/dist/cdn/docsearch.min.js"></script>
<script>
  docsearch({
    // Your apiKey and indexName will be given to you once
    // we create your config
    apiKey: '<API_KEY>',
    indexName: '<INDEX_NAME>',
    //appId: '<APP_ID>', // Should be only included if you are running DocSearch on your own.
    // Replace inputSelector with a CSS selector
    // matching your search input
    inputSelector: '<YOUR_CSS_SELECTOR>',
    // Set debug to true if you want to inspect the dropdown
    debug: false,
  });
</script>
```

If you are using a paid account, **make sure to uncomment the line with the appId and enter the ID!**
see: https://community.algolia.com/docsearch/run-your-own.html#integration

## Testing

If you're eager to test DocSearch but don't have any credentials of your own
yet, you can try out the one we use on this website:

```javascript
docsearch({
  apiKey: '25626fae796133dc1e734c6bcaaeac3c',
  indexName: 'docsearch',
});
```
